[3.4.0] Docs skeleton component (#970)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/skeleton/overview.md

---
title: Overview
page_title: Skeleton Overview
description: Overview of the Skeleton for Blazor.
slug: skeleton-overview
tags: telerik,blazor,skeleton,overview
published: True
position: 0
---

# Blazor Skeleton Overview

> The <a href = "https://www.telerik.com/blazor-ui/skeleton" target="_blank">Blazor Skeleton</a> is a loading container mainly used for indicating to users that the page content is currently loading. What separates it from the conventional loaders is that it mimics the page layout by showing its elements in a shape similar to the actual content as it loads. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <a href = "https://www.telerik.com/blazor-ui/skeleton" target="_blank">Blazor Skeleton</a> is a loading indicator. What separates it from conventional loaders is that it mimics the page layout by showing elements in a similar shape as the actual content that will appear after loading.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Creating Skeleton

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating Blazor Skeleton
```

1. Use the `<TelerikSkeleton>` tag.
1. Set the `Visible` parameter to a `bool` property or expression.
1. Set the `Width` and `Height` parameters. 
1. Use the `ShapeType` parameter to set the shape of the Skeleton.

>caption Basic Skeleton

````CSHTML
@* The Telerik UI for Blazor Skeleton component with its basic settings. *@

@if (String.IsNullOrEmpty(Text))
{
    <TelerikSkeleton ShapeType="@SkeletonShapeType.Rectangle"
                     Width="61px"
                     Height="28px"
                     Visible="@isVisible"></TelerikSkeleton>
}
else
{
    <TelerikButton Size="medium">@Text</TelerikButton>
}

@code {
    string Text { get; set; } = string.Empty;
    bool isVisible { get; set; }

    protected override async Task OnInitializedAsync()
    {
        isVisible = true;

>         await Task.Delay(1000);

Reviewer: One second may be too little to appreciate the animation.

```suggestion
        await Task.Delay(2000);
```
